The Su family is located on the lower state border with multiple foreign countries
The Su family in Xiangzhou is unique due to its geographical location
He took on a few diplomatic responsibilities, and adults celebrated the festival
Next week, the Su family will hold the Congress of Nations.
Su Qing, the daughter of the Su family, is called unparalleled beauty
It seems that there will be an appearance during the festival.
I think it's over 70.
Uh, I'm official today.
Next week, there will be black clouds over the Su family
I'm afraid this trip is dangerous
In this way, Zheng Caihou
Five emperors and five divisions
You go ahead and find out first, yes yes
Let's talk about the Su family under this trip.
There must be some danger
Why don't you two go home?
That way I can rest assured.
I am the pinnacle of martial arts
What kind of big wind and waves have I never seen?
Can I still help if I'm here?
And you are a majestic warrior god
You are here
What am I afraid of?
Both dangerous
It's also training.
You also need someone by your side to advise you
My name will naturally not shrink
That being the case
You two will set off with me
But before that, I have one more thing to do.
You go first
Yu Zhengcai and the others will go first
I'll be there later
My beautiful unparalleled weapon
It's a bit mysterious